"More sports for everyone, group spirit, fun, and you don't have to think, eh? Organize and organize and super organize super-super sports. 
More cartoons in books. More pictures. The mind drinks less and less. Impatience. Highways full of crowds going somewhere, somewhere, somewhere, 
nowhere. The gasoline refugee. Towns turn into motels, people in nomadic surges from place to place, following the moon tides, 
living tonight in the room where you slept this noon and I the night before." Mildred went out of the room and slammed the door. 
The parlor "aunts" began to laugh at the parlor "uncles.", "Now let's take up the minorities in our civilization, shall we? 
Bigger the population, the more minorities. Don't step on the toes of the dog-lovers, the cat-lovers, doctors, lawyers, merchants, 
chiefs, Mormons, Baptists, Unitarians, second-generation Chinese, Swedes, Italians, Germans, Texans, Brooklynites, Irishmen, 
people from Oregon or Mexico. The people in this  54book, this play, this TV serial are not meant to represent any actual painters, 
cartographers, mechanics anywhere. The bigger your market, Montag, the less you handle controversy, remember that! 
All the minor minor minorities with their navels to be kept clean. Authors, full of evil thoughts, lock up your typewriters. 
They did. Magazines became a nice blend of vanilla tapioca. Books, so the damned snobbish critics said, were dishwater. 
No wonder books stopped selling, the critics said. But the public, knowing what it wanted, spinning happily, let the comicbooks survive.
And the three-dimensional sex-magazines, of course. There you have it, Montag. It didn't come from the Government down. 
There was no dictum, no declaration, no censorship, to start with, no! Technology, mass exploitation, and minority pressure carried the trick, 
thank God. Today, thanks to them, you can stay happy all the time, you are allowed to read comics, the good old confessions, or trade journals." 
"Yes, but what about the firemen, then?" asked Montag. "Ah." Beatty leaned forward in the faint mist of smoke from his pipe. 
"What more easily explained and natural? With school turning out more runners, jumpers, racers, tinkerers, grabbers, snatchers, fliers, 
and swimmers instead of examiners, critics, knowers, and imaginative creators, the word `intellectual,' of course, became the swear word 
it deserved to be. You always dread the unfamiliar. Surely you remember the boy in your own school class who was exceptionally 'bright,'
did most of the reciting and answering while the others sat like so many leaden idols, hating him. And wasn't it this bright boy you
selected for beatings and tortures after hours? Of course it was. We must all be alike. Not everyone born free and equal, as the Constitution says,
but everyone made equal. Each man the image of every other; then all are happy, for there are no mountains to make  55them cower, 
to judge themselves against. So! A book is a loaded gun in the house next door. Burn it. Take the shot from the weapon. Breach man's mind. 
Who knows who might be the target of the well read man? Me? I won't stomach them for a minute. And so when houses were finally fireproofed 
completely, all over the world (you were correct in your assumption the other night) there was no longer need of firemen for the old purposes. 
They were given the new job, as custodians of our peace of mind, the focus of our understandable and rightful dread of being inferior; 
official censors, judges, and executors. That's you, Montag, and that's me."